Present: Yann E. MORIN, Romain Naour, Thomas Petazzoni, Peter Korsgaard,
         Arnout Vandecappelle (reporter)
Observers: Luca Ceresoli, Matthew Weber, Alexey Brodkin, Mark Corbin

Moral report 2016 and 2017: "Nothing was done". Unanimously approved.

Financial report 2016 and 2017: see ledger.txt. Unanimously approved.

Yann E. MORIN is assigned as the treasurer.

Invoice template is approved.

Invoices and other financial reports will be kept in the publicly visible github
repository.

To make it easier for new members to pay, a paypal account will be created by Yann.

To keep track of who has paid the membership fee, the ledger.txt file of the year 
will have a tag "Membership fee" with the name of the member. That way it's easy to
grep for the current members. Membership is per calendar year.

Can we attract sponsors to support the maintenance work? The issue is that our
maintainers don't get to do anything else than their maintenance work any more, which
risks burning them out. However, getting funding for maintenance work is difficult.
Still, we estimate that it should be possible to collect funds for about 25 days per
year.

We think that the easiest sell is to make it the LTS branch maintenance: if it doesn't
get funded, it will not happen anymore. The idea would be that this work then shifts
from Peter to someone else, so that Peter is free to do more maintenance work on
master and do some development work, and so that Thomas is also freed up to do more
development work.

One issue is that when someone gets paid to do work that used to be done by a
volunteer, it creates some friction. Here also the LTS maintenance could reduce the
friction a bit, because it's not the most sexy work. Also, the person who gets paid
for it would be doing it as their daytime job, so in addition to their normal
Buildroot work.

It looks like Arnout is the only candidate to do this. For Peter, it is impossible to
organise with his employer. Thomas does not consider himself suitable for doing LTS
branch maintenance.

A major concern is that 25 days is probably not enough to cover all of the LTS branch
maintenance work. And we are not even sure that we will get sufficient funding for
these 25 days.

Because of all the concerns, we delay a real decision until the FOSDEM meeting. In
that time we will see how easy it is to get sponsoring from companies.
